Using security parameter 40
Trying to run 64-bit computation
----------------------------------
Significant amount of unused triples of replicated Z2^64. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size.
Note that some protocols have larger minimum batch sizes.
Significant amount of unused bits of replicated Z2^64. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size.
Note that some protocols have larger minimum batch sizes.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 15. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 16. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 17. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 6. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 7. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 8. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 9. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 14. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 16. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 17. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 18. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 19. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused edaBits of size 26. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size or increasing the bucket size with --bucket-size.
Significant amount of unused triples of replicated secret. For more accurate benchmarks, consider reducing the batch size with --batch-size.
Note that some protocols have larger minimum batch sizes.
The following benchmarks are including preprocessing (offline phase).
Time = 2.35853 seconds 
Data sent = 76.7428 MB in ~3585 rounds (party 0 only; use '-v' for more details)
Global data sent = 221.831 MB (all parties)
This program might benefit from some protocol options.
Consider adding the following at the beginning of your code:
	program.use_trunc_pr = True
